(GH-8796) Clarify force parameter for ConvertTo-SecureString in 7+ (#8797)
MicrosoftDocs/PowerShell-Docs: reference/7.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/ConvertTo-SecureString.md

### -Force

> Before PowerShell 7, this parameter was mandatory when using the **AsPlainText** parameter. It
> remains to enable you to use this cmdlet on earlier versions of PowerShell without having to update
> your code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beginning in PowerShell 7, The **Force** parameter is no longer required when using the
**AsPlainText** parameter. While the parameter is not used, it was not removed to provide
compatibility with earlier versions of PowerShell.
```
